Who's up for some chow fun?
Hey, Dad.
Mom working late?
Yep. Up to her ears in brains.
How are things at your work?
Usual, test-fired
an ectoplasmic beam,
launched a
deep-space probe.
Oh, and a new colleague
started over in Robotics.
She has a boy your age.
Felix I think.
♪ Kim and Felix
sitting in a tree ♪
♪ K-I-S-S...
Gotta go.
Let's see, we've got
garlic bamboo beef,
sweet and spicy shrimp,
General Tsao's...
naked mole rat?
( burps )
Mmm. Hey, Mr. Dr. P.
( sighs ): Ronald,
would you and Rufus
like to stay for dinner...
again?
Whoo-ee.
Love to.
( grunts )
Can't.
We're doing
the Middletown Fair tonight.
Soda water
and soda crackers only.
( squeals)
Mmm.
( groans)
You see, Ron had a...
( clears throat )
problem last year.
Is this my fifth or seventh
chili cheese dog? Mm-mmm!
Oh!
Oh, tummy trouble!
( retching )
The clown sued.
Ron had to swear
he'd never go to the fair
on a full stomach again
and pay the dry cleaning.
Baggy pants, double charge.
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah
♪ I'm your basic average girl
♪ And I'm here
to save the world ♪
♪ You can't stop me
'cause I'm... ♪
♪ Kim Possible
♪ There is nothing I can't do
♪ When danger calls,
just know that I am on my way ♪
♪ Know that I am on my way ♪
♪ It doesn't matter where
or when there's trouble ♪
♪ If you just call my name
♪ Kim Possible
♪ Call me, beep me
if you want to reach me ♪
♪ When you want to page me,
it's okay ♪
♪ Whenever you need me, baby
♪ Call me, beep me
if you want to reach me ♪
♪ Doesn't matter where,
doesn't matter when ♪
♪ Doesn't matter when ♪
♪ I will be there for you
till the very end ♪
♪ Danger or trouble,
I'm there on the double ♪
♪ You know that you always
can call Kim Possible. ♪
Firing thrusters
in three, two...
Wait, there's something
up ahead.
It's... it's a stop light?
Come on, come on.
( dings )
( powering down )
The X-24 prototype gone.
KIM:
Anything?
RON:
100% hurl free, K.P.!
Tell it to
Mr. Baggypants.
( cell phone rings )
Go, Wade.
Are you in astronaut training?
Nah, spinning ride at the fair.
Oh, it's making me
kind of dizzy.
Not me, I am welly
in the belly.
What's the sitch?
Major, Kim.
We've got a hijacked shipment
of high-output iridium
spark plugs in Germany,
a stolen coolant
night truck's injector
lifted from a freighter
in the sea of Japan.
A stolen nitro whatsit?
Prototype automotive components.
Uh, car parts?
And the Mona Lisa is a doodle.
This is a guy thing, isn't it?
Ask the guy that just boosted
the experimental
24-cylinder, supercharged,
oxy-cool racing engine.
More car parts.
Wade, why would anybody steal
an oxy-cool whatchamacallit?
Somebody's up to something, Kim.
Well, that's specific
and helpful.
Kim, I'm crummy in the tummy.
Have you seen Rufus?
( screams )
Oh, not a good place to hang.
Are you Kim Possible?
I'm sorry, do I know you?
My mom works with your dad.
I'm Felix Renton.
Oh, hi.
My dad told me about you.
This is Ron.
Hold on, hold on.
I'm this close to winning
a giant inflatable baseball bat.
( bell dinging)
Oh, yeah!
Huh?
Sorry, I am a champ
rat smasher.
( growls ) Aw...
Hey, you want to hit some
rides with us, Felix?
Ready to roll.
Oh, I... I didn't know
you were in a...
I mean, nobody told me
that you were...
Hey, whose up for
the Disorienter?
Oh, I heard that is the
bashingest ride ever.
We should probably work
our way up to that one.
Ron, maybe this is the year
you should follow that dream
and take on
the pie eating contest?
No way, K.P.
No fair food.
Maybe we should hold off
on the really intense rides.
Kim, I can handle it.
I'm trying to be sensitive
to Felix's condition.
Why, does he have a weak stomach, too?
The chair.
What of it?
It probably gives him
a motion sickness edge.
So, Felix...
what do you like to do
besides extreme rotating?
Usual junk, video games,
basketball.
Basketball?
Sure, why not?
Well, I-I wasn't sure if...
Hey, look, monster trucks
tomorrow night in the arena.
You like monster trucks?
Oh, yeah, I'm all about
the monster trucks.
Kim, you never... ow!
Okay, as long as you can sit
and not spin, I'm there.
Don't worry, I've got
the sitting thing down.
I'll meet you
at the gate. Kim?
Oh, yeah, I-I can't wait.
( belches )
Hi.
( dog barking)
Dude, that shampoo
smells like new wheels.
Seriously, I dig it.
Okay, okay, dude, seriously...
here's the motorhead style...
business up front,
party in the back,
and it's the calm
before the storm.
Okay, hon,
I'll just shape it up.
( gasps )
Whoa, Delilah, foul!
You don't clip the lion's mane
while he roars.
Seriously.
Exit my lair!
Seriously!
No more junkyard calls.
Doesn't anyone
in the state of New Jersey
know how to style
a mullet anymore?
It's a dying art, boss.
Whoa! Dude...
is that the 24 banger?
Whoo-hoo!
Chops. Bro,
this rules so hard.
Oh, yeah!
( chuckling )
Now check this out.
The boys and me
were thinking we might take
a few days off,
go down the shore,
you know, eat a hoagie...
or not.
Whichever.
How's my driving?
Say again, boss.
How is my driving?!
Seriously.
You're the best that
ever burned rubber, dude.
You're Motor Ed.
And yet, I'm not ripping down
the turnpike right now, am I?
No, no, you're not.
Because?
We've got some
serious O.T. to work.
We do if we're gonna build
the world's biggest,
baddest fleet of killer wheels.
Oh, wait, check this out.
What if we were all to go out
and jack some humongous
Uniwell truck frames?
Wouldn't that be cool?
Oh, come on!
Whoo! Rock on!
Let's do it to it.
And I know just where
to find them.
Seriously, I do.
ANNOUNCER ( over PA ):
Hello... mud lovers!
Who's ready to roll?!
( cheering )
Favorite video game?
No contest, Zombie Mayhem II.
Pause, I hope you meant to say
Zombie Mayhem III.
Um, unpause,
I was actually referring
to the superior second
installment of the series.
For real?
Mayhem II doesn't even
have flame throwers.
Hey, check it out, Felix.
I downloaded this map
of Middleton High.
All the ramp-accessible
entrances and elevators
are marked in red.
Oh, wow.
Thanks, Kim.
That's really
thoughtful of you.
( motors revving )
Oh, yeah!
Is that part of the show?
Not likely.
These trucks are property
of Motor Ed now.
Seriously, they are.
Check it out.
Coming through, dude. Seriously.
Car part mystery solved.
I need to borrow
your tricycle thingy.
All terrain vehicle!
Whatever.
Up for a ride?
It ain't the Disorienter,
but I'll give it a shot.
( cell phone rings )
Wade, I'm kind of
in pursuit here.
I know.
Grab you hairbrush
and throw it in front of them.
O-Okay, if you say so.
Great for split ends, too.
Typical night for you guys?
Actually, it is.
We got your back, K.P.!
Ron, what is Felix doing here?
It's too dangerous.
Sorry, Red.
You snooze, you lose. Seriously.
Okay, what was with
that guy's hair?
I'm sure I don't
have to tell you
that your dad's a terrific guy.
Yeah. The family took a vote.
We're keeping him.
So, your thing is...?
Advanced Cyber Robotics.
I love it.
Oh, yeah.
You're going down,
Stoppable.
Not if I accidentally
hit the reset button.
I'm so glad
Felix found friends.
New in town.
Oh, because he's...
And it's hard to make friends
for any kid.
Oh, right. Yeah. Of course.
You know, it's okay to be a
little uncomfortable about it.
Oh, um... about what?
Felix being in a wheelchair.
No, I think it's great.
I mean, it's awful.
But... I'm going
to stop talking now
before I say some other
( phone rings) stupid thing.
Excuse me. I'd better take this.
Kim...
just relax.
Right. I'm relaxed.
Wade.
I think I've got an idea
on our monster truck-jacker.
Motor Ed... widely regarded
as the most brilliant mechanical
engineer in the country.
He didn't quite fit in though.
Let's just say the top secret
government lab he worked at
had a dress code.
Ed, I'm afraid
the mullet has to go.
No! Seriously, bro!
No!
Seriously!
Have you ever noticed how many
of my foes have hair issues?
Still not sure how to find him?
Oh, we're not going to find him.
He's going to find us.
Wade, how fast
can you spread a rumor?
As fast as I can type...
320 words a minute,
last time I was clocked.
So, all you have to do
is start a rumor
that my dad's lab is working on
some ferocious new engine part,
and Motor Ed will
be totally drooling for it.
Boo-yah!
Oh, don't bring that weak
stuff into my neighborhood!
Yeah! There's more
where that came from.
Well, keep it coming,
Steel Wheels!
Oh! Another brick
from... oh, yes,
he is in fact... Stoppable!
Ooh! Fast hands, K.P.
Want to call a winner?
Ron, what do you
think you're doing?
( whispering): Shooting
hoops with Felix.
No, but it looks like you're
really trying to... you know...
Win?
Exactly.
You can't.
Well, I know
I'm down two buckets,
but if I focus
on rebounding and boxing out,
I think that I can...
You're acting
like... like...
Like he's just a normal person?
I've got to just stop talking.
Hey, Kim.
Hey.
You know, we'd better
get over to the lab
if we're going
to set that trap.
Right. We'd better... We?
Yeah. Felix wanted
in on the action.
He even came up with a great
name for the fake part.
"Turbonic Charger Valve."
Wahoo!
Sounds
state-of-the-art, huh?
Yeah.
A guy thing. Okay, Felix,
you go stand watch.
You mean sit watch.
Kim, I'm just playing you.
Dude, good one.
Hey, take Rufus with you.
He's a great lookout.
Thanks.
Why does everything
just come out wrong
when I'm around Felix?
I don't know but, man,
you've been getting amped up.
It... it's just... I don't know.
I see him in that chair,
and then I guess I feel
it's not fair
because I can walk and he can't,
and so, then...
You end up saying the positively
worst thing possible.
I have so offended him.
Does he hate me?
Nah. He just
thinks you're funny.
Swell.
( alarm beeping )
( Rufus whistles )
( yowling )
The mouse has entered the trap.
The Turbonic Charger Valve.
I am so stoked.
Seriously, this is sweet.
Bro, why you gotta
bring me down? Seriously.
Whatever it is, with a name like
that, it is sure to rock heavy.
( imitating electric guitar )
Okay, the pretend
guitar solo ends now.
Okay, bro, get her.
Get Red.
( karate yell)
My valve! Seriously.
Hold on.
Kim, grab something!
( screaming )
Uh-oh.
Rufus!
Ron!
I'm on it.
I win.
( gasps )
( whistles )
( imitating electric guitar )
Are you okay?
Yeah, but nobody's
going to be happy
when that crate is opened.
( gasps)
Uh-oh.
We'll find him, Rufus.
Somebody called for you, Kim.
A boy.
Ooh! Ooh-la-la!
Whoo! Whoo!
Not now, tweebs.
Kim and Motor Ed,
sitting in a tree.
What did you say?
Motor Ed.
That's who called.
Now put me down
or I'll tell Mom
that you blew off
your biology test
to save a village from a
tidal wave last week.
The message is,
"Bring me the Turbonic
Charger Valve, or else."
Ron.
( phone rings)
Wade, got anything?
No. I was hoping
he'd called you back.
( disappointed wail )
I'm a cheerleader
waiting by the phone
for a guy with
a mullet to call.
Something's wrong
with this picture.
( phone rings)
Hello.
Yo, Red.
Where is Ron?
Your skinny dude?
Yeah, he's here,
hanging with me and the boys.
He's doing good,
but that can change
in a hurry. Seriously.
Kim, get over here!
And stop by Buena Nacho
drive-thru on the way.
I'm starving.
Oh, yeah, man, Me, too, man.
Put me down for
a hoagie, 12-inch,
with hot peppers and mayo.
Anybody else want nothing?
Keep talking.
Almost got a trace.
Hey, Red,
tell your computer guy not
to waste his time on a trace.
I'm shooting you a map.
He's not as dumb
as the hairstyle
might lead you to think.
Just bring
the Turbonic Charger Valve.
Don't have much choice, do I?
Seriously? No.
See you soon, Red.
Seriously.
Did you find out
where he's holding Ron?
Near as we can tell,
a secret lair
under a landfill in New Jersey.
I'm going with you.
Felix, no.
It... it's too...
Too dangerous?
I agree.
Way too dangerous
for you to go alone.
You're right. Let's move.
So you just call in a favor
and get a ride, like,
anywhere in the world?
I'm lucky that way.
You okay back there, Felix?
Kim, look out!
To answer your question,
I'm doing okay back here.
And you?
I can't complain.
I've got great backup.
So, anything look
like an entrance
to a secret lair to you?
Mmm!
Welcome to the Garden State.
( grunting )
( growling )
Where did that come from?
My mom tricked out
the chair a little.
Advanced Cyber Robotics.
Remember?
Red!
( Rufus whistles)
A bald rat with buckteeth?
Bro, seriously.
You're disgusting me.
( chattering )
Whoa, little bald bro.
Is that the
Turbonic Charger Valve?
( laughing )
Kim! Felix!
So what did you bring me?
A chimirito? Nacho?
Come on.
She's not kidding, Ron.
Okay, okay. These
guys are dangerous.
I'll try one of these
so-called "hoagies."
Does he always lose focus
like this during a mission?
What?
More monsters.
Great.
( imitating electric guitar )
Introducing Motor Ed and his
indestructible fleet
of totally rocking,
bashing, killer monster trucks.
Oh, here.
You can have your rat back.
Got you, buddy.
Don't you even want
to know my plan?
I mean, come on, seriously.
I thought this
was just random destruction.
I will crush stuff,
and keep on crushing it,
until I turn the whole world
into one humongous,
rocking scrapyard!
Sounds a lot
like random destruction.
That's foul, Red.
I'm going to start
by crushing you.
Felix, just stay behind me.
( gasps )
Wow!
Flying! Yeah!
I told you he was cool.
( growling )
Okay.
This is bogus, Red.
A man should not
be booted off his ride.
Quit calling me Red.
Seriously.
But... Red.
( screaming )
Oh, I warned him.
Thanks for the backup, Possible.
This is so rank. Seriously.
No fancy
cyber-chair stuff.
Oh, like I need
that to beat you.
Got game, Possible?
Oh, I came to play, Felix.
Bring it on, Possible.
Bring it on.